Kali ma are you do I my dear mama yo yo
yo ma there's a type of elegance to
taking one ball and a group of people
and it can join an entire community and
it can join an entire nation but what
undergirds it is people and a ball
starting this process with puma and
thinking about working together almost
immediately I thought portraits had to
be done out of Africa it's a pretty good
the thing that was a challenge for me
was trying to find sculptures that
pictured three individuals and what was
really exciting was when I found this
amazing kaori sculpture that envisioned
the interlocking arms of three men in a
very unified way I think that's what
we're going to be looking for when
constructing this paintings but first I
had to understand what this statement of
unity means to each of them you know if
you have you do roughly 12 yeah pitamah
born son is up again just if I could
just update on to me
to je vais pas anyway that wasn't one
coach ed you have to just put that the
ultra conscience Africa just a little
it's not easy to wear the same color
different countries so in different
countries one of the same collect means
they bring you need to eat a little too
far over just a little bit more torture
there we go does the why Daniel and the
common room of our people will it be
safe colors cause if you wanted the same
Cara it means your opinion to get a mess
and you are drinking unity in the war
you notice where these come from these
are all the fabrics from the marketplace
every word in Africa I tried to totally
immerse myself in the culture for
inspiration it's taking the West African
fabrics it's taking the poses that come
from the sculptures and really sort of
honing those down into one layer it's a
really important thing to me to touch
the fabric to go through and compare one
pattern to the next I remember seeing
the fabric being smoothed out by two
young men who were pounding away up back
and forth and the sound of it was
musical the intense energy in that room
was something that you could almost feel
later when looking at that fabri
takaoka see a costly spoof of all keys
in pita chip a thermo-pile music at the
celica one of the things that you notice
when coming to Africa and I certainly
notice every time I'm here is this
dramatic difference in variance in soil
color there there must be some way of
engaging that as a as a swatch within
thinking volim a damn van a la mejor
para movil gender sit there I should the
roof aguada ocular surgery if you're too
young to shrink as I said then report it
to Monica
but I can certainly say each of these
athletes had two extraordinary qualities
of their own right jon was very much a
man from Africa who decided to say that
this is something that I want to be seen
as the manual every way was so warm
there was a sense of family drums being
played and kids running around and it
was really distance of play Sammy a lot
of course an extraordinarily curious
person but also very humble given the
large celebrity that he occupies when I
was on the soccer field and saw the
first type of magic this rush that
happened it was extraordinary etta went
from being a human being to be a god
looking back I just can't help but to be
amazed at how one ball can create a
sense of solidarity and bring together
over 1 billion people in Africa I can
see clearly that no matter where you're
from we're all of the same earth
you